[AUDIO LOGO]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Welcome
to "Beyond Belief."
Laurie McDonald with us,
a clinical hypnotherapist,
ET encounter expert, and
consciousness researcher
widely recognized for
her innovative approach
to mental wellness
as the founder
of the True You Hypnotherapy.
What is the True
You Hypnotherapy?
>>LAURIE MCDONALD: It's
a clinic in Sacramento
where the main goal is to
identify the authentic self
and to create integration
between different aspects
of the psyche towards
self-actualization.
I teach people to become the
architect of the subconscious
mind, creating a
blueprint of how
they'd like to live their life.
>>NOORY: Laurie, how did
this evolution occur for you?
>>MCDONALD: Well, I was on
track to be a psychologist.
I had considered
being a psychiatrist.
I did some hypnotherapy
work and realized
that 90% of our
behavior is driven
from the unconscious
and the subconscious,
and all other therapies only
working with the 10% left.
So I felt that it was prudent
to go through the right door.
>>NOORY: And you did.
>>MCDONALD: I did.
>>NOORY: What exactly
is consciousness?
>>MCDONALD: Nobody
knows for sure, George.
But what we do say
is it's an aspect
of knowing what we don't know.
It's an ability to expand
outside of the physical body
and to elevate
our awareness into
a multi-dimensional existence.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
Now, are there different levels
of consciousness, Laurie?
And if so, what are they?
>>MCDONALD: There are different
levels of consciousness
in the daily world.
We have the beta brainwave.
That's what we're
talking in right now.
This is a level
of consciousness.
It's critical thinking.
We have the subconscious
mind, the unconscious, all
correlate to
different brainwaves.
The subconscious is
the alpha brainwave.
We move a little deeper
into the delta and theta.
But more important, we can go
into the gamma brainwave, which
allows us to tap into that other
energy that people talk about,
the place that is outside of
the third dimensional reality.
>>NOORY: Is it
all brain-related?
>>MCDONALD: No.
In fact, the brain is
the biggest inhibitor
to consciousness.
Consciousness is so
expansive that the brain
has to break it up into
different categories
to bring it into us
through different levels.
It has to come through
the unconscious,
through the subconscious,
create a neural pathway
into the conscious brain.
There's so much out there.
We're bringing in
so much information.
The subconscious
is on all the time.
It's basically a receiver.
It's picking up outside of
your conscious awareness
through all of our senses.
And the human has
about 21 senses.
>>NOORY: You explored
your consciousness
early in your life.
Why is that important to people?
>>MCDONALD: Well, it's important
that we know what we are
and who we are so that we
can figure out what exactly
we're doing on this Earth.
If we don't understand
our mind, if we
don't learn how to
control our mind,
then, in fact, we're
opening the possibility
of somebody else controlling it
for us through different types
of programming.
Everything's a program.
Everything in the
subconscious is a program.
It's created through repetition.
Subconscious mind
loves repetition.
It gets it enough, it manifests
it into your daily routine
or reality.
>>NOORY: And we know what mind
control is all about, don't we?
>>MCDONALD: We certainly do.
>>NOORY: Evil, evil times.
Consciousness, past lives.
How important is
that to identifying
who we become in this life?
>>MCDONALD: Well, past
life, or as others
refer to it as reincarnationism.
Pythagoras, Socrates, many great
philosophers and mathematicians.
I'll talk about the
soul's ability to travel.
The idea, though,
is for the soul
to travel towards
human attainment,
to become the best
human that we can
be that the good and
bad things that happen
are just conceptualized
ideas created by the humans.
What's important
is the experience
and how we learn
from it, not the
label that we put on it, because
that's a negative usually
or a judgment.
>>NOORY: What is hypnotherapy,
which is what you are?
>>MCDONALD: Hypnotherapy
is our ability to,
through therapeutic
means, that's our goal,
is to create some
form of therapy.
We access memory
in the subconscious
to begin the propagation
of deep healing
through the integration of
the layers of the psyche.
So maybe you have a
judgment-- maybe there's
an internal judge that tells
you that you're not good enough
and maybe there's an internal
mother that coddles you.
Maybe there's an
internal saboteur.
We don't know.
But once we can identify
them and integrate them,
we're a whole authentic person.
>>NOORY: Speaking
of hypnotherapy,
you recently did a
past life regression
with a client who
regressed to a time
when she was living in the
Amazon jungle, of all places.
Let's take a look.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
- Is there anything else
that should be brought
to your conscious awareness?
- Yes.
- And what is that?
- Another Earth life.
- Tell me about that
other Earth life.
- In the Amazon.
- And what did you do there?
See it.
Smell it.
Take a deep breath
in through your nose.
Your olfactory sense is
deeply related to memory.
Smell the Amazon.
What did you do in that life?
- I was a builder.
- A builder.
Were you a man or a woman?
- A man.
- What did you build?
- Temple systems.
What does that mean?
- Temple structures
constructed a certain way
aligned to certain lines of
energy coming from the sky.
- OK.
Much like the pyramids are
in alignment with Orion.
So when you were in the
Amazon, the temple systems
were aligned with an
energy grid from the Earth.
And the sky?
- Mostly the sky.
- When you say that
you were a builder,
were you a builder as in
a laborer or an architect
as in helping to create or find
the place to put the temple?
- In this life I was a builder.
- A builder.
- A laborer.
And we went back to
this life in the Amazon
because there's something
in that life that's going
to help you build in this life.
What is it?
- Learning the value of labor
over long periods of time.
- Very good.
That's very good.
And that's what you need
to learn in this life?
- Yes.
[END PLAYBACK]
How did you hypnotize
her, Laurie?
>>MCDONALD: I allowed
the beta brainwave
to become less dominant while
allowing the alpha brainwave
to become more receptive.
So we relax the entire
body, and then I
talk her down so that she can
settle in and settle down.
The more relaxed you
are, the more open
the alpha brainwave is.
And then I could
pace her verbiage
emotionally so that we could
resonate with that memory.
Memories are like little
packets of information
and they are
attached to emotion.
That's how they're stored
in the subconscious mind, is
through the emotional impact.
>>NOORY: I know past life
regression as Dr. Bruce
Goldberg, and he just thinks
it's so important that people
have this kind of sessions.
Why?
>>MCDONALD: Well, if you
know where you're from,
it gives you a better
idea of where you are.
You're in a better position to
choose your next empowered step
towards your own
actualization or unfolding.
It's not about glory.
It's not about I was
a great this or that.
It's about the experience
and the emotional energy that
can allow us to
elevate ourselves
into a place of empowerment
where we're not creating
war or negative judgment, where
we're in a place of acceptance,
which, if a person's
there, then they
can allow somebody
else to believe
what they want to believe.
You don't have to
force a belief.
So being empowered does come
from exploring the self.
>>NOORY: Did it take you a
long time to understand this,
to learn this?
>>MCDONALD: No.
I understood at
quite a young age.
I understood mind over matter.
>>NOORY: It's quite a gift.
>>MCDONALD: I've been meditating
for well over 40 years now.
>>NOORY: That's a long time.
>>MCDONALD: It is.
But it allows--
>>NOORY: Especially when
you're only 35 years old.
>>MCDONALD: Right.
And how's that math work?
Yeah, meditation
actually does give us
the practice that we need to
learn that deep relaxation
to quiet the beta brainwave,
to quiet the inner dialogue,
to allow the truth to come.
You know what they say, when
you pray, you talk to God.
When you meditate,
God talks to you.
>>NOORY: That's true.
By tapping into
your consciousness,
how important is that
to healing yourself
mentally and physically?
>>MCDONALD: Can
absolutely heal yourself.
We are extraordinarily
powerful beings.
Every race of entity
in our universe
is interested in the human.
We have great power in creation.
Everything in this world we
created, we drew the resources
from this very Earth.
We have this wonderful
opportunity to expand.
And as we begin to
elevate ourselves,
we'll find that eventually,
when the emotional energy is
in a peaceful place,
we'll move into what
we refer to as fourth
dimensional consciousness
thinking and
understanding, where
we'll have instant manifestation
of our thought processes.
Here we do manifest
this reality.
It just takes longer
because it's jumbled up
with negative emotions.
>>NOORY: Laurie, let's
talk a little bit
about near-death experiences.
Our friend Dannion Brinkley
hit by lightning several times,
but these near-death experiences
have changed his life,
and I can tell just by knowing
him after these things have
occurred.
How did they offer insights into
the nature of consciousness?
>>MCDONALD: Well, it tells
you that this life is only
a blink on a giant radar.
>>NOORY: Like that.
>>MCDONALD: Just like that.
It's just about experience.
So imagine that the actual
truest, highest self,
say it's in the 12th dimension
and it comes all the way down
into this density of
the third dimension,
where we leave a little piece
of our self as light travels.
There's a little bit
of us everywhere.
And when we get those
pieces back, we do elevate.
There's this opportunity
where the human experience
is no longer necessary.
And at that point,
we do leave the body.
We leave the body
all the time, though,
through near-death experiences,
through out-of-body experiences,
through death, but through
astral travel in sleep.
Lucid dreaming could also be in
that category of astral travel.
So the consciousness or soul
moves in and out of the body
all the time.
Having a near-death
experience reminds you
that you're more than
what you think you are,
that you have a duty, a
responsibility to grow,
that life isn't about just
playing or earning money.
These are all
externalized ideas.
The idea is to move internally,
to be intrinsically motivated,
to gain insight and awareness,
to expand our consciousness
and to be kind while
we're doing it.
>>NOORY: That's
the key, isn't it?
>>MCDONALD: It is.
>>NOORY: To be kind
while you're doing it.
What if you're not?
>>MCDONALD: Well, then
you have negative energy
and you're blocking yourself
or trapping yourself,
and you'll continuously
be brought back
into the third
dimensional reality.
You cannot move through
the ascension process
into the fourth dimension
if you hold negativity.
Yeah.
You just can't do it.
You can't manifest
your thoughts instantly
if you hold unbalanced emotions
because we will create harm.
And each dimension has a
middle and a higher vibration.
>>NOORY: Though I don't
recommend or advocate everybody
have a near-death experience.
How does it change
yourself when it happens?
>>MCDONALD: Well, most
people do become softer.
They become somewhat religious
for a short time and then
that changes to spirituality.
They begin to
understand their power
and then they begin to
see their lack of power.
>>NOORY: They
become nicer people?
>>MCDONALD: I think that
often that is the case.
We can all become nicer people.
You don't have to die to do it.
You don't have to have
a near-death experience.
You just have to be
honest with yourself
and understand that another
part of the psyche, the ego,
can get in the way.
But there's a great
misconception of the ego.
Its job is to protect the soul.
And so whenever it feels
that it's not good enough,
it's going to speak up too loud
or try to look bigger or better.
It's only trying to
protect the authentic self.
When every aspect of
the identity feels safe,
the true self emerges.
>>NOORY: What is it about a
near-death experience that
allows people to leave
the body and travel
into this unknown area and
pick up all this information?
>>MCDONALD: Well, they do come
back with certain information,
and that information is
generally that you're not
limited to the physical body.
And we've never been limited.
And there's nothing
in the word human
or in any of our
languaging that says
we're limited to the third
dimension or to be encapsulated
in a physical body.
The body is simply a vessel
to hold the spirit, the soul.
While we have this experience,
your body, your limbs,
your eyes, your
senses are merely
to interpret your reality.
You're interpreting
this through the body.
In other areas, you
won't need a body.
And actually, it's
a beautiful feeling.
A very specific freedom.
A fluidity of thought
without a body.
Being in a body, too,
though, is also good.
One is not better
than the other.
Everything is equally relevant
and important to our growth.
>>NOORY: Laurie, when you do
your past life regressions,
you basically simulate an
out-of-body experience,
which is similar to a
near-death experience.
Let's have a look at another
clip with your client
where she describes
life in Atlantis.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
- Can you describe Atlantis for
me, the way you remember it best
or what you loved most?
Majestic.
- Mm-hmm.
- What was majestic about it?
- All the materials, marble
and gold and crystals, giant.
- Giant crystals?
- Mm-hmm.
- What did they use
the crystals for?
- Harvesting source energy.
- Harvesting source energy?
So would that be energy
like a zero point energy?
OK.
- Exactly.
- And was that zero point
energy used for other devices
or what we would
call electronics?
- Everything.
- It was used for everything.
OK When you were on Atlantis--
- Spiritually and physically.
- So how would they
use it spiritually?
- You absorb the energy.
- From the crystals.
- And you move it up the spine.
How does one absorb it.
What was your process?
- Communion with the crystal
and allowing the transmission
to be absorbed.
- Was there a special
type of crystal?
- Clear.
- Sorry?
Very clear crystal.
OK.
Did they use any
other type of stones?
- All different types.
- And were the humans
then all able to absorb?
- Yes.
- The emissions.
So do you remember where you
lived when you were in Atlantis?
- Yes.
- Your home.
- Mm-hmm.
- Can you tell me what
your house looked like?
- Palace.
- A palace.
So you were a woman of prestige,
because everyone didn't
live in palaces, did they?
- There were a lot of mansions.
There was a lot of wealth.
- A lot of wealth, mansions.
And what food did you prefer?
- Fruit.
- Were the Atlanteans
vegetarian?
- Yes.
Mostly.
- OK.
And when you were living in
Atlantis, and Atlantis I know
existed for a very long
time but it actually
did come to an end
at one point, do
you know when you were living
in Atlantis, during what
part of its--
- Glory.
During its glory.
- During its heyday,
its top glory.
When you were in Atlantis
during that time,
then would you communicate with
people on other continents?
- Yes.
- Do you know who the
Atlanteans communicated with?
- Greece and parts of Africa.
- And how long did you live
while you were in Atlantis?
Do you know how you died?
- In peace.
120 years.
- So you died at 120
years old, but peacefully.
- Mm-hmm.
[END PLAYBACK]
Your questions were
very provocative.
Did they stem from her answers?
>>MCDONALD: Yes.
Whatever her answers
are, I'm going
to try to deepen that or
extrapolate further information
to see which way to go.
>>NOORY: When you hypnotized
her, is she asleep
or is she still conscious?
>>MCDONALD: She's in
between, in between the alpha
and the beta brainwave.
If we go too deep, and this
has happened to me many times,
I can't understand a
single word they're saying.
I can't take them lower
than that because it's
too difficult for them to
communicate the experience.
But you don't have to be
deep to be hypnotized.
In fact, people are hypnotized
while watching a movie.
If you suspend--
>>NOORY: Or driving.
>>MCDONALD: While driving
too, you can go on autopilot.
But in a movie, if
you're suspending
your critical thinking
because they're an actor,
you're not thinking, well,
that's not their real name.
They don't really live there.
That's not really happening.
That would be critical thinking,
beta brainwave thoughts.
We don't do that.
We are emoting as if it's real.
We're happy, we're
sad, we're crying.
We are in a trance, which
is why we have commercials.
>>NOORY: What does
ascension mean to you?
>>MCDONALD: Ascension means to
me the opportunity for the soul
to ascend upward through
the multiple dimensions
back to where we
eventually started
or where we may have
started actually,
because we don't really know.
But ascension is a process
of human attainment.
Once you're the best
human that you can be,
then you'll move into
the fourth dimension.
Like I said, it's three layers.
Then we move into the fifth.
The beings in the
fifth dimension
are actually so illuminated,
so bright that they do robe
themselves because when
you're in their presence,
you're blinded.
The light is bright.
>>NOORY: It's that bright.
>>MCDONALD: It's bright, but
still there's a softness to it.
It's very bright.
They robe themselves
because it's difficult.
The energy has emissions.
>>NOORY: Can anyone ascend?
>>MCDONALD: If they do
their emotional work.
Nobody gets a free ticket.
You have to address everything.
You have to do it.
>>NOORY: But I
bought my bus ticket.
>>MCDONALD: Yeah, well, hey,
you got to do the critical work.
You have to look at the self, do
a critical evaluation on this,
on that, and then you accept it.
You cannot change what
you cannot accept.
You have to accept all
aspects of the self,
gently embrace it, and
then begin to develop it.
When we're developing
it, we actually
do open to our higher senses.
We do become more intuitive.
>>NOORY: Are there different
levels of ascension, like steps?
>>MCDONALD: There are
steps to get there.
And then ascension
is chronological
because each dimension
has its own parameters.
For instance, the
fourth dimension
will look exactly like
the Earth looks now,
but the vibrational
frequency will be different.
It will be higher.
It will be a higher frequency.
So the third and fourth
dimension obviously
exist at the same time,
probably right here and now
outside of our awareness.
That's how people tune
into different things
through resonance and
balance, harmonics.
>>NOORY: Is ascension
important in your development?
>>MCDONALD: It's crucial.
>>NOORY: Do we all
need to ascend?
>>MCDONALD: Absolutely.
If we don't, we'll continuously
be tricked or redirected back
into a third
dimensional reality.
It depends on how--
see with a-- an empowered person
has control of their mind.
If you're externalized and
you're working for the man,
then you're not
doing your own work
to get you to a
place of healing.
So you have to understand
that the human needs
to learn from all of the things
that have happened to them.
>>NOORY: How do we know,
Laurie, though we've
ascended to a certain
plateau or a certain level?
>>MCDONALD: There's a
shifting in your awareness,
your perception,
and your intuition.
>>NOORY: And it's in here.
>>MCDONALD: It's internal.
Sometimes you can
see it, though.
You can tell when a person is
more peaceful, more relaxed.
They're not so
worried about death.
They're not worried
about anything
because there's nothing
really to fear now.
Now we're here because we have
a project, because we chose it.
There's nothing to fear.
When we can eliminate
fear and eliminate
other negative energies,
we can then ascend.
Now, I'm not talking about not
being afraid of a train coming
at you.
I'm just talking about
not being afraid to live.
>>NOORY: When we talked
about your introduction
earlier in the program,
we mentioned that you
had some ET experience.
What is that?
>>MCDONALD: I've got a lot of
extraterrestrial experience.
I've had my own
face to face, eye
to eye contact with non-humans.
I've facilitated one of
California's largest support
groups for experiencers.
I've researched and
interviewed people
all over the world
on their experiences,
trying to differentiate
through languaging
how somebody in the Amazon,
perhaps, or somebody in China
might express an ET experience
isn't the same way somebody does
it in the Western world.
>>NOORY: But there are
similarities, aren't there?
>>MCDONALD: There are
many similarities.
In fact, I got
sent secretly years
of secret videos taken in China
of UFOs and non-human beings.
>>NOORY: What did
the being look like
that you had a direct
experience encounter with?
>>MCDONALD: Well, I've
had more than one being,
but the ones that were
the best are actually
sort of a soft violet color,
almost plasma in nature.
They're rapid in speech,
although it's telepathic.
I think their frequency
is just so much faster.
It seemed rapid,
almost birdlike.
>>NOORY: Truly amazing.
>>MCDONALD: And they were
kind and they asked me
if I were afraid.
They called me by my name.
This was my choice.
>>NOORY: How did they know that?
>>MCDONALD: How did
they know my name?
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>MCDONALD: I'm not
quite sure, but I'm
sure we had a past relationship.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
Now, the patient that
we've been looking
at on your regression, Julia,
had a past life regression
that took her to a time
when she was living
in the star system of Sirius.
Let's look at that.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
- I'm wondering if you might
be able to give us a little bit
more information on Sirius.
I know that on Sirius you
said that you were a leader
and that you led people
or Sirians to the Earth.
Can you describe
more of Sirius to me
when you weren't in the water?
Or did they have land?
- The planet was water.
- The whole planet was water
and you lived in the water.
Were there dwellings--
- A civilization
under the water.
Very interesting.
- There's two suns.
- Two suns.
- So it's almost never dark.
- Wow, that's very interesting.
So the two suns keep
the planet pretty much
illuminated all the time.
And when you're
underwater in a dwelling,
you can move in and out
of the dwelling from water
to not water?
Is a special breathing
apparatuses or anything
necessary?
OK.
Did you have family on Sirius?
- Mm-hmm.
- Was there a galactic council.
- Were you part of the
galactic or federal council?
- Mm-hmm.
- Do you know if people--
Sirians are still
living under water?
- Mm-hmm.
[END PLAYBACK]
Laurie, is the patient
aware of what they're saying
when they come out of it?
>>MCDONALD: Yes, we want that,
which is another reason why
we don't want to go too deep.
I have had many, though, who say
they forget large pieces of what
they said and when
they watch their tape,
they just can't believe what
came out of their mouth.
The idea is to keep them
moving emotionally, feeling,
not thinking, because
thinking is the beta brainwave
and then we're taking them
out of that in-between place.
>>NOORY: Are you
conscious or unconscious
when you're hypnotized?
>>MCDONALD: Well,
you're not unconscious.
You're in between the alpha and
the beta brainwaves, sometimes
the theta brainwave as well.
Many people do go
too deep and then
I end up having to
talk them back up
and getting them to a place
where we can communicate.
Otherwise, like I said,
it's just too difficult.
>>NOORY: I hear a lot--
>>MCDONALD: To talk to
an unconscious person.
>>NOORY: I hear a lot about
what is called the Galactic
Federation.
>>MCDONALD: Yeah.
>>NOORY: What is that?
>>MCDONALD: Well, my
research indicates
that it is a group
of entities who
oversee part of our universe.
>>NOORY: What do
they want with us?
What do they tell you?
>>MCDONALD: Well, they don't
tell me-- through the sessions,
I've been able to come
to the understanding
that what they want is
to control the humans.
They are worried about some of
our steps in our own evolution.
>>NOORY: And probably
rightfully so.
Why is knowing about the
Galactic Federation important?
>>MCDONALD: You
know what George,
I'm not really sure
it's that important.
What they're really
worried about
is the human, being a great
manifestor of reality,
the human can do things
that we can't control.
We've all heard of
experiences where
there's been some type
of a traumatic incident
and the person is maybe trapped
under a tractor or a vehicle
and somebody can lift it up--
>>NOORY: Lift it up.
>>MCDONALD: Lift it right
up with no effort at all,
also with no belief
that they cannot.
And I've seen a lot of things,
but the only real magic
I've seen in the third dimension
is belief, self-belief.
And when they do believe
and they hit that-- yeah,
they lift that
tractor like nothing.
Pulling the person out.
>>NOORY: But if you were to
ask that same person to lift
this tractor without the
seriousness of why they were
doing it, they couldn't do it.
>>MCDONALD: That's right.
>>NOORY: It takes trauma or
something to be able to do it.
>>MCDONALD: Right.
I believe it's a combination of
adrenaline and something else,
but it's belief, OK.
And it's the belief that doesn't
impair the person's thought,
like, I can't do this.
I have to go get help.
They close the gap
and just do what needs
to be done without thought.
And when we can
act in that way, we
can have supreme
clarity of thought,
we can exhibit superhuman
strength, superhuman speed.
We have done enormous things.
So I would imagine that they're
quite concerned that if we
continue to move
into the abilities
that we do possess,
that we may be a threat.
>>NOORY: Is consciousness
like immortality?
>>MCDONALD: Well, sure.
It is.
We are immortal beings.
>>NOORY: We basically
live forever that way.
>>MCDONALD: Yes, we live
forever as we are energy,
but we transform from
one existence to another.
>>NOORY: What is incarnation?
>>MCDONALD: Incarnation
is we are reincarnated.
Carne means meat or flesh.
It means to come into the flesh.
Incarnation.
Reincarnation means you're
coming back into the flesh,
into the body.
The body is merely a vessel.
>>NOORY: Do people incarnate
from one to the other?
>>MCDONALD: Yes.
>>NOORY: Constantly.
>>MCDONALD: Well, it
depends on the person
and what they've learned if
they've become enlightened
in this life, then
they won't come back
into a third
dimensional reality.
But actually, we come back
in groups, a soul group.
Your whole family, all
your-- everybody gets--
they reincarnate in
soul groups so that we
can help each other learn.
>>NOORY: In the
hypnotherapy sessions,
can you determine how
many past lives they had?
>>MCDONALD: No, I don't
have that ability.
Pythagoras said that he believed
that people had up to 2,400 past
lives.
>>NOORY: 2,400.
>>MCDONALD: And he
himself remembered many.
In fact, what he did was
he trained his students
to go through every
step of their day
before they woke up in the
morning of the previous day
to train the brain
into remembrance.
>>NOORY: It's
fascinating, isn't it?
>>MCDONALD: They are very much
into the reincarnationism.
>>NOORY: Would you
call this a science?
>>MCDONALD: It's a
science and a philosophy,
and there's math involved.
It's a beautiful cosmic dance
of both philosophy and math.
>>NOORY: Out-of-body
experiences,
where do they fit in?
>>MCDONALD: Well, I've had so
many out-of-body experiences.
>>NOORY: Personally?
>>MCDONALD: Personally.
They started when I was young.
I thought I was dying and that
this was some form of practice.
>>NOORY: I've had one.
And when I was 11.
That was it.
>>MCDONALD: Yeah.
And, well, what did it tell you?
>>NOORY: It was weird.
I woke up on the ceiling
looking down at my body,
just bouncing on the ceiling.
>>MCDONALD: Yeah.
>>NOORY: And I looked.
And for a split second, I tried
to determine what was going on.
I thought maybe did I die?
>>MCDONALD: Right.
>>NOORY: And then
all of a sudden, when
you become a little more
conscious of what's going on,
it slams you back into
your physical body.
And I woke up with a jolt
like, that wasn't a dream.
That was too real.
What was it?
I never quite understood it.
So I went to the library at
11 years old and stumbled
into the occult section
and there was a book
by Hereward Carrington
and Sylvan Muldoon
talking about projections
of the astral body.
>>MCDONALD: Yeah.
>>NOORY: And they had a picture
on the cover of an astral body
floating over a
human body, the body,
and I went, that's
what happened to me.
And from that moment
on, I was hooked.
>>MCDONALD: Yeah.
I've had-- I can't even count.
There's been so many,
but they would happen.
I would sit down in
a chair to relax.
The moment I relaxed, I
would pop out of my body.
It continued until I had
this incredibly lucid dream
of being in this temple.
And when I woke up, I was quite
disoriented because literally
a second ago, like
you say, it's so real.
I really was there.
And eventually, I ended up
in that temple in real life
and spent a good five
years meditating there,
learning how to control my
mind, sometimes for 18 hours
consecutively.
>>NOORY: That's a long time.
>>MCDONALD: It takes a practice.
Meditation is a practice.
I learned more about other
worlds and other beings
in that five years at
the temple than probably
from the many thousands of cases
that I've done at this point.
>>NOORY: Have you undergone
hypnotherapy yourself?
>>MCDONALD: Not since--
I did about 30 years ago.
>>NOORY: Let's take a look at
Julia's regression experience
and see how she feels about it.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
- You really did do great.
You did very well.
You moved from one
past life to another.
What made it
exceptionally good for you
is that you moved
from one planet
to another, so really indicating
a major expanded consciousness.
Also, your ability to
let go of those energies
and drift into those lives
has left you calm and relaxed.
Your face is so smooth.
There's a certain glow
about your energy right now.
How are you feeling?
- Super like integrated, like
as dropped in as you can be.
Like my voice, I feel
like dropped an octave.
- Absolutely.
Very well grounded.
- Yeah.
- So you do remember
the different lives?
- Yes.
- How was that for you?
- Some I was already aware of.
I had tapped into
different points in my life
and some came surprising.
And--
- Which one was a surprise?
- The Amazon.
- I thought so.
- I had no idea.
- Yeah.
- But it was like a
gravitational pull
that was telling me that.
And I also-- it was
like I was really
discovering it as I was going.
As there was some of the other
ones, except for the details,
I had some flashes of it, some
remembrance, but not this one.
This one was a surprise.
And then also, when--
I also didn't know that the
connection between Sirius
and art that I actually came
down and that the corruption
of power or that the
use, correct use of power
was such a big theme.
I didn't realize that.
[END PLAYBACK]
Laurie, does a session like
that change somebody's life?
>>MCDONALD: Usually.
>>NOORY: I would think so.
>>MCDONALD: Shifts their energy.
And like she said,
begins to integrate them.
So you do feel
calmer, more relaxed.
You can settle in
and settle down
and things don't seem so
heightened emotionally.
You feel calmer, more capable.
>>NOORY: When the clients go
through a session like this,
what are they like afterwards?
>>MCDONALD: Generally
quite curious.
Yeah, calm, but curious
and interested in what else
is next for them.
>>NOORY: What do they
think the soul is
after a session like this?
>>MCDONALD: Well,
they know that it
is a continuous state of being
and that we congregate or gather
in different paradigms
or frequencies of energy.
Again, now we're back
to math because there
are laws in physics
and energy has
to be able to be
explained that way.
We have to understand what we
are, and we are just a light
embodied being.
>>NOORY: Can you do
sessions by Zoom?
>>MCDONALD: I do.
>>NOORY: How does that work?
>>MCDONALD: Way better than I
ever thought it was going to.
It's quite surprising.
>>NOORY: Technology
is amazing, isn't it?
>>MCDONALD: Yeah, it is.
I was reluctant, but I was
forced during the pandemic.
>>NOORY: It's like
you're there and it's
like they're there with you.
>>MCDONALD: Exactly.
>>NOORY: How can
people work with you?
>>MCDONALD: They can reach me
at trueyouhypnotherapy.com.
>>NOORY: And how long
does a session last?
>>MCDONALD: I do 90-minute
sessions and three-hour
sessions, but I will hang in
there for however long it takes.
>>NOORY: Do you give them a
printed report on what they said
or--
>>MCDONALD: They record it.
>>NOORY: They record it.
>>MCDONALD: Mm-hmm.
>>NOORY: And then they
listen back to it.
>>MCDONALD: Yeah, the
video or audio recordings.
Yeah.
>>NOORY: Do you ever
have anybody come back
to you scared and petrified?
>>MCDONALD: Well, yeah,
but for different reasons.
Generally, in an
ET session, they
may become scared or terrified.
And yes, they come back and
work with me for a while.
>>NOORY: If somebody has been
abducted, do they know that?
>>MCDONALD: Sometimes
they do know it.
Sometimes they don't.
Sometimes they just
don't want to know it.
>>NOORY: That's a good point.
Laurie, thanks for being
on "Beyond Belief."
>>MCDONALD: It's always
good to be here, George.
>>NOORY: I've never gone through
a hypnotherapy session yet,
but the big word
is yet because I'm
getting more and more curious
about who I might have been.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."
[THEME MUSIC]